docs: devcontainer-cli (#125)
Elektrobit/ebcl_template: docs/intro/setup.md

### Using the EBcL SDK container stand-alone.

If you don’t want to use VS Code, or you want to integrate the EBcL SDK in your CI workflows, you can use the dev container stand-alone.

> For more details on how to do this, take a look at [dev container-cli](https://elektrobit.github.io/ebcl_template/main_2.x/intro/dev_container.html).

Reviewer: Same here: link to the md file
```suggestion
For more details on how to do this, take a look at [dev container-cli](dev_container.md).
```

> For more details on how to do this, take a look at [dev container-cli](https://elektrobit.github.io/ebcl_template/main_2.x/intro/dev_container.html).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more details on how to do this, take a look at [dev container CLI](dev_container.md).
```
